[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>I'm Noah Levine, Buddhist
meditation teacher.
The following is a
guided meditation
in loving kindness,
a development of ease
and well-being for oneself
and the wishes for ease
and well-being for all beings.
You can start this meditation
by finding a seated posture
and allowing your eyes to close.
Beginning by
releasing any tension
that your body may be holding,
softening your face, shoulders,
belly.
Bringing to mind
your own deepest
wishes for happiness,
for ease, for contentment
as we reflect on all of the
ways that we seek happiness
in this lifetime that are
ultimately unfulfilling,
unsatisfactory.
Turning towards yourself
in your own heart and mind
and begin by wishing
ease for yourself,
saying to yourself in your
own mind, may I be at ease.
Here in this present moment,
may I be at ease with my body
just as it is.
May I be at ease with my
mind even if it's busy, loud,
critical.
May I come to a level of
acceptance, friendliness,
and ease in my own skin.
Breathing in and out as
though you could breathe
into your own heart center.
Breathing this wish for ease
and repeating the phrases
over and over, may I
be at ease with myself
just as I am with
the pains in my life,
with the joys, with the process
of aging, sickness, and grief.
May I come to be at ease in the
reality of the human condition.
And we all live with a mind that
judges, criticizes, compares.
It's not your fault.
Wishing, training your mind
with friendliness
and compassion.
May I be at ease with this
mind and all of its bad habits.
body and all of the ways
that it craves pleasure,
rejects pain, with my heart
and the emotions, some
pleasant and some unpleasant.
May I come to be at ease in
this heart, in this body,
with this mind.
And beginning to expand from
yourself to wishing this ease
and well-being, to extending
this unconditional friendliness
out to your loved ones, friends
and family, radiating kindness.
May you be at ease
with your difficulties,
with your challenges,
and also with the joy,
the happiness that
you experience
sending loving kindness, wishes
for ease to your loved ones.
And extending beyond the
near and dear to friends,
to colleagues.
Imagine that you're in a very
large, open space surrounded
by all of the people
you know or have known.
Just like you, they're
seeking happiness.
Just like you, they
wish to be at ease.
As the ultimate act
of friendliness,
wishing for the ease,
happiness, and freedom
from all of these people.
May you all be at ease.
May you find a way in
the midst of the reality
of your life, the 10,000
joys and 10,000 sorrows
of existence.
May you learn to be at
ease, to respond wisely,
to have compassion
for the pains,
non-attached appreciation
for the joys.
May you be at ease.
And expanding further
to include even
our enemies, the difficult
people who have hurt us,
offended us, betrayed
us, the people we
judge, people with
different political beliefs,
people who have caused harm.
They too, underneath
the confusion,
underneath the suffering,
wish to be at ease.
As an act of compassion
and forgiveness,
sending loving kindness
even to your enemies.
I see your suffering.
I know you're confused, and
I wish for your happiness.
May you be at ease.
May you find a way
to heal what needs
to be healed so you
don't cause so much harm.
May you be at ease in your
own being with your pain,
with your joy.
And in this way,
we expand outward
to all beings,
including ourselves,
our friends, our families,
our associates, everyone
you've ever met,
including your enemies,
and everyone you've never met,
the 7 billion human beings,
all seeking happiness.
May all beings be at ease.
May all beings do what needs
to be done to free themselves
from the causes of suffering,
from the clinging, the greed,
the hatred, the confusion.
May all beings heal
what needs to be healed,
to find the ease, contentment,
and well-being that
is possible in this lifetime.
Beyond humans to all
living creatures,
from the smallest insects
to the largest mammals,
may all life be honored.
May all beings be at ease.
Feel your breath entering and
exiting, radiating kindness,
the intention of friendliness.
Whether you feel it sincerely
or not, training your heart
and mind with these wishes.
May all beings be at ease.
And before we end,
coming back to your body.
The Buddha once said, "We could
search the entire universe
and never find anyone more
worthy of our love and kindness
than ourselves."
We have to start from the inside
in order to genuinely love.
We must learn to love ourselves.
May I be at ease.
May all beings be at ease.
May I be free from suffering.
May all beings be
free from suffering.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
You can continue these
phrases for as long as feels
right to you.
And when you're ready, you
can allow your eyes to open.
You can bring attention
back into the room
and allow yourself to move, to
stretch, to engage in whatever
activity is next in your life.
[MUSIC PLAYING]